# Minute #2

- **Name**: Project meeting.

## Goals

- Rodrigo to present more in detail information about the PLAN tool and on the available data;
- Rodrigo to present some suggestions on the possible prediction tasks to apply to the tool;
- AOB.

## Info

- **Location**: Zoom Meeting
- **Planned date**: 2022-10-18 16:30 (UTC+1)
- **Time of start**: 2022-10-18 16:30 (UTC+1)
- **Approximate Time of end**: 2022-10-18 17:22 (UTC+1)
- **Duration of meeting**: 52min

## Participants

- **Afonso Caiado de Sousa**, Student from FEUP involved in this thesis project;
- **João Carlos Pascoal Faria**, Thesis supervisor;
- **Fernando Pedrosa**, CERN Thesis Proponent;
- **Rodrigo Lanza Herrero**;

## Items covered

### Introduction

The meeting started with a presentation/demo from Rodrigo. He explained in detail the functionalities of the existing PLAN tool

### Presentation

Diving into a more practical part of the project, Fernando started doing an in depth presentation of CERN's Existing Planning Tool, PLAN.

PLAN is a mid-term forecasting tool of CERN's activities. Functionalities such as the Stages and Versions of activities were presented, as well as the different existing statuses each activity can have.

Screenshots of the actual interface were shown, with a General, a Schedule and a Contributions page.

Finally, in a more thesis-related matter, some initial open questions were launched. These could eventually be the topic of the work made in this project. The questions were:

- Is the quantity of available data enough to implement predicting algorithms in the PLAN tool?
- Is the quality of the available data good enough to be used to implement predicting algorithms in the PLAN tool?
- Is the technology used for PLAN compatible with the implementation of predicting algorithms?

### Q&A

Before the closure of the meeting, some time was dedicated to the dialogue between the participants, regarding the project. Some of the debated questions were:

**What is the actual goal of the prediction task in this case?**

The prediction of the possible blocking or error points in the activities could be one of the tasks. The optimization of what the groups want to declare can be another. Still not totally defined, as I understood.

**What are the number of possible outcomes/results in the classification tasks?**

**What is the amount of historical data available?**

About 2,000 activities for LS2 and a bit more for LS3. Also containing the sequence of steps.

### Closure

In an initial phase, it was defined that a short/succint meeting would be held every 15 days, to update each other on the project's status, and on what had been done. 

Thus, setting the next meeting for the 18th of October, that could eventually be slightly longer, as some extra time may be needed for Rodrigo to further elabolate on the technologies used in the platform.

Professor João Moreira advised Afonso to try to identify papers that talk about the same things that this project will be about, and to start reading about prediction and text processing tools.

### Decisions Made

- **Afonso Sousa** will elaborate detailed minutes of each meeting, to do a backlog of all the meetings;
- **Afonso Sousa** is to do some research on similar projects and papers;
- **Fernando Pedrosa** will try to get more details on the actual classification problem.