# Minute #2

- **Name**: Project meeting.

## Goals

- Rodrigo to present more in detail information about the PLAN tool and on the available data;
- Fernando to present some suggestions on the possible prediction tasks to apply to the tool;
- AOB.

## Info

- **Location**: Zoom Meeting
- **Planned date**: 2022-10-18 16:30 (UTC+1)
- **Time of start**: 2022-10-18 16:30 (UTC+1)
- **Approximate Time of end**: 2022-10-18 17:22 (UTC+1)
- **Duration of meeting**: 52min

## Participants

- **Afonso Caiado de Sousa**, Student from FEUP involved in this thesis project;
- **João Carlos Pascoal Faria**, Thesis supervisor;
- **Fernando Pedrosa**, CERN Thesis Proponent;
- **Rodrigo Lanza Herrero**;

## Items covered

### Rodrigo presentation

The meeting started with a presentation/demo from Rodrigo. He explained in detail the functionalities of the existing PLAN tool. 

He demonstrated in real-time how the platform worked, how you would usually create a new activity, how you would make request for contributions from different teams, among other functionalities.

The backend behaviour of the aplication was also described. It is an event-based application that relies on 2 differen data models, 1 to read information and the other to apply that same information and apply it.

Rodrigo also informed the participants on the amound of available data in the databases and the databases' structure.

### Fernando presentation

Fernando then presented some suggestions on possible initial prediction tasks that CERN would like to implement on their platform:

- Am I trying to create an activity similar to an activity that I created in the past? If so, use existing cloning functionalities to suggest.

- Do I need the same contributions from the other groups? If so, we could see how to suggest to use the list of contributions suggested or to select among those suggested.

- Will | have a blocking point in terms of resources with a specific group? If so, we could see how to suggest to the group to split their activity, define a better granularity to the contribution request or even suggest the level of details to be included in a contribution request

### Q&A

All throughout the meeting, Afonso and João asked and clarified any existing doubts they had regarding each presentation.

### Decisions Made

- **Afonso Sousa** will try to present some suggestions in the next meeting on how to structure the problem, some considerations on how to go about it;
- **Supervisor** will help with doing so;
- **Fernando Pedrosa** will send the slides;
- **Fernando Pedrosa** will explore on how the possibility of creating a CERN account for Afonso;
- **Rodrigo Lanza** will work on extraxting and sharing some data with Afonso and the supervisors.