# Pre-meeting - Supervisors

- **Name**: Supervisor Meeting.

## Goals

- Summarize Meeting #2 to professor João Moreira
- Exchange ideas on possible solutions and ways to go

## Info

- **Location**: Zoom Meeting
- **Planned date**: 2022-11-07 17:30 (UTC+1)
- **Time of start**: 2022-11-07 17:30 (UTC+1)
- **Approximate Time of end**: 2022-11-07 18:30 (UTC+1)
- **Duration of meeting**: 1 hour

## Participants

- **Afonso Caiado de Sousa**, Student from FEUP involved in this thesis project;
- **João Carlos Pascoal Faria**, Thesis supervisor;
- **João Moreira**, Thesis co-supervisor;

## Preparation

What is the data?

**Activities**

→ **Data similarity??** **area of supervised machine learning in artificial intelligence**. It is closely related to regression and classification, but the goal is to learn a similarity function that measures how similar or related two objects are.

(Would need weighted conditions, basic conditions? a threshold?)

3 initial desired prediction features:

- Am I trying to create an activity similar to an activity that I created in the past?
- Do I need the same contributions from the other groups?
- Will I have a blocking point in terms of resources with a specific group?

- Afonso Sousa will try to present some suggestions in the next meeting on how to structure the problem, some considerations on how to go about it;

**Approach** 

- Reunião era maioritariamente para obter o input do professor João Moreira como ele nao esteve presente na ultima. nao sei se prof ja leu os slides sobre a arquitetura e sobre as tarefas de prefisão sugeridas
- tough to start → need data model or to know structure of the activity event, quais os campos
- nao e um tarefa normal de machine learning em que ha um resultado esperado → é ver se o novo elemento é parecido com algum dos anteriores
- euclidian distance mas quando um dos attributos é texto? como medir proximidade nesses?

## Meeting notes

- **Predicting feature 1:**
    - At what moment is the similarity relation suggested? In real time or when you click the create button?
    - ++ details on the cloning feature
    - predictive model that wants to predict a list = ranking
    - naive-bayes → gives you the probability of being something → ranking of those probabilities
    - NDCG → evaluates ranking comparing to an ideal ranking
    - register for cloning operations?
- **Predicting feature** **2:**
    - cloning copies the requests for the contributions?
    - result = contribution list
    - iterative approach? → explore the 1st objective → continues from there
- **Predicting feature** **3:**
    - do we have register from rejected contribution requests?