# Minute #3

## Goals

- Regular feedback meeting
- Doubt clarification on the CERN 3 month internship
- Discussion on the path forward and possible solutions
- Nextmeeting scheduling

## Info

- **Location**: Zoom Meeting
- **Planned date**: 2022-11-09 14:00 (UTC+1)
- **Time of start**: 2022-11-09 14:00 (UTC+1)
- **Approximate Time of end**: 2022-11-09 15:00 (UTC+1)
- **Duration of meeting**: 1 hour

## Participants

- **Afonso Caiado de Sousa**, Student from FEUP involved in this thesis project;
- **João Carlos Pascoal Faria**, Thesis supervisor;
- **Fernando Pedrosa**, CERN Thesis Proponent;
- **Rodrigo Lanza Herrero;**
- **João Moreira,** Thesis co-supervisor

## Pre-meeting doubts

- CERN 3 month internship dates + allocation → I have to book it but I do have access to it + can it be in whichever period I want

## Preparation notes from supervisors meeting:

- **Predicting feature 1:**
    - At what moment is the similarity relation suggested? In real time or when you click the create button?
    - ++ details on the cloning feature
    - predictive model that wants to predict a list = ranking
    - naive-bayes → gives you the probability of being something → ranking of those probabilities
    - NDCG → evaluates ranking comparing to an ideal ranking
    - register for cloning operations?
- **Predicting feature** **2:**
    - cloning copies the requests for the contributions?
    - result = contribution list
    - iterative approach? → explore the 1st objective → continues from there
- **Predicting feature** **3:**
    - do we have register from rejected contribution requests?

## Meeting notes

- Internship dates discussion: verbally agreed that it would start on the 1st of February.

**Q1**

- Some data of several tabs would be cloned + we could adapt it + imporve cloning feature
- Difficulty = any text box as a target?
- The target are the similar activities

**Q2**

- Manually creating an activity
    - list of similar / possible contributions
    - from common contribution requests in past activites from same group
- Is there an ideal ranking? An ideal list = the actual contributions the person entered -> multi-labeling problem

**Q3**

- We do have data on validate / non validate requests
- You can assume that if the request is not validated it is because of unavailable resources.
- ITERATE!

## Decisions Made

- **Next meeting** will take place on the 5th of December from 11h00-12h00
- **Afonso Sousa** will try to present some suggestions in the next meeting on how to structure the problem, some considerations on how to go about it;
- **Fernando** will take care of giving access to Afonso and both supervisors.